Making faces
Now let's cheer up your face a
little to give it expressiveness.
Now let's see if we can make it blink.
We are going to move all the nodes of
the eye, except those of the pupil ...
until we have just one line left.
We must try to make all the
poses we encourage look good.
In the event that our
character is blinking,
we must try to make
that drawing look good,
beyond whether it
will look fast or not,
because generally that animation
is something that goes very fast.
We must try to make it work well.
The moment the eyes open,
we can enlarge the shape of the
eye a little, a little down ...
and this, which
would be like eyelashes,
A little up.
This will give you a small
bounce when you open your eyes.
Let's make it very short.
Finally the movement in
which it closes has to be shorter
than in the one that opens.
There it went well and then
we have to in a single frame,
the eyes close, then I
doubled the keyframes
to keep them closed,
they open in two frames,
those who have an
acceleration towards the end
and, when they open,
they open a little more
then rest in its final
state with a small bounce.
Let's see how this looks on the scene.
I think it's pretty good.
The hair could have a
little more customization,
I played a little with
the scale and it shows.
It's good when that kind
of object comes organic,
We are working them frame by
frame, not so much using scale tools.
For now we will leave it like this
and we will continue with the
movement of one face towards the other.
When we are going to animate a turn of the
head, the normal thing is that our character
look a little down and close your eyes
in the movement where the head turns.
Then we will do that.
With this pose, we will
reach a midpoint of transition
and then we will
continue with these layers.
So now we are going to select all
the keyframes that we have animated
and we place a new one so that
everyone starts moving from there.
Let's generate the new pose,
which is a bit looking down
and with your eyes closed.
The ear is going to
be almost straight,
so, perhaps, almost not even seen.
We are going to take the head to a
way that is as frontal as we can.
For now we will not consider
communication with the torso,
We are simply going
to make a head head.
Now the face, we will
have to deform it completely
because we are going to
simulate the curvature it has.
The nose will become almost frontal.
The pupil will look
straight ahead and slightly down.
The mouth actually has
to straighten a little.
This we had, which was
like the lip behind it,
It has to line up.
There we know that it gives
us the feeling of rotation
but, at the same time, we are
going to make our character blink.
I will try to make both
eyes as symmetrical as I can,
although they are
not exactly the same.
Meanwhile, we will
correct the hair a bit.
The face will fall in a moment
and the head, with his
chin and everything, too.
We will take all
accelerations to linear,
since it is the midpoint of
transition between one pose and another.
When the face leans forward, the
things that stand out the most,
like the nose, it has
to go down a little more
and the mouth can go up a
bit to counteract that movement
and give it a little more depth.
The ear will disappear completely.
It's going well but it
was a bit off center.
Let's keep making the effort to
keep it a bit more symmetrical.
We can't make the ear disappear
completely because it has that stroke,
We can find the group of the ear
and apply an opacity to the stroke.
We do it very short so
you don't notice a "fade"
but, so that at the moment where it
is closed, the ear does not exist.
Now we have to accommodate this.
I think we can lower
our heads a little more.
For now it's fine, we're going
to play with the accelerations
when we have the other
half of the animation.
With this part of the
face, we will do the same
but in the opposite
direction, we will end with this pose
and the first one I
will do will be centered.
To the eyebrows we want to
give an expression of surprise,
let's make them appear
with a little more
concentration at the beginning,
so then they rise more strongly.
There is good.